water in Korea and watched the video by chance
somehow got hit video about korea
the woman was very interesting
korea tourist visa impressions
I came with my family and she talked about
water that water here is very hard and us
on lotion i'm there so very fat
body lotions
I lived in different in different areas of Korea and
so now I can say about
the fact that water is different everywhere I lived let's say
in pulses before this in mass not
these sixth year there was water
soft enough from the fact that these both
cities were on the seashore possibly water
softer well plus not far there yet
mountains chirisan figures from where flows all
water
perhaps this is also connected with it
very soft people who live close to
by the mountains
on someone soft and now i'm moved to
Gyeonggi District
it's around the seoul and here the water is just
need very tough i used to i don't
I used any body lotions
such a mitch need was in courses
let's go down a little
his village here without it
just impossible when I bent over
I had a feeling in that 603 all
it was so tight and the skin on the back
just painfully
so everywhere differently had to
buy lotion and that 's johnson's type
baby butter it doesn't help it too
soft needed something very fat
this is a greasy lotion and what else with water in
korea
people don't use tap water
to drink that is they use in
Mostly this dispensers they buy
dispensers or water purchased before
dispensary filters there and boiled
water then these are hotter cold therefore
boil water is not particularly necessary here either
This in cylinders, too, dispensers and cylinders
bathe in the offices of the mass I do not remember there
there was just drinking water separately
in the courtyard of the complex were lying entrance
there were such taps with drinking water
you could just type my
sister used to take spring water
that is, the city ​​from almost everywhere on
Korea there are glaciers and springs there
They are very well-proven
nevertheless clean or for arriving
there to collect water earlier now here
she stopped listening to these android children
as if quite a constant kind of oksana
constantly went and drew water those
sources and now buys the masses
the dancers were springs in the mountain
terrain
and since the city is 70 percent korea there
10 sources